# PINO-Python-Portfolio
# Purpose of Repository
The purpose of this repository is to store the Python projects I create throughout the semester, such as the app I recently created, "Flippers in the Air like They Just Don't Care!," as well as my latest Tidy Data Project! 

# About the "Flippers in the Air like They Just Don't Care!" App: 
The purpose of the app I created is to foster self-awareness and encourage discovery! By inviting users to practice a form of self-reflection prior to engaging with the penguin dataset, it reorients users, reminding them of the valuable relationship between oneself and one's limits. In doing so, the app promotes mental health awareness by means of interaction and education. I recently updated the Read.Me for the app I created, transforming it from multiple paragraphs to a more digestible and visually-appealing format!

# About my Tidy Data Project
My latest Tidy Data Project was an opportunity to practice applying the principles of tidy data that I learned to clean, transform, and manipulate an untidy dataset to become a tidy dataset from which I could create various pivot tables and create data visualizations ranging from barplots, swarmplots, heatmaps, and more! In particular, I chose to work with a dataset about olympic medalists, as I am passionate about health and wellness! This project complements my overall coding portfolio because it is an opportunity during which I got to practice applying my coding skills to real world scenarios, which was an initial goal of mine when I first created my GitHub Portfolio itself. This project also required that I practice some necessary skills I will need to use for more complicated coding projects I embark on in the future, teaching me the essentiality and importance of maintaining a tidy dataset at all costs! 
## Here is a link to my latest Tidy Data Project repository: https://github.com/cpino2/PINO-Python-Portfolio/tree/main/TidyData-Project.

# Goals for Developing Repository 
As I add more to my repository throughout the semester, I will be able to keep my projects organized, and I will easily be able to share them with others to showcase my work, which will be particularly helpful upon entering the workforce. That said, I will use this repository to organize future projects, such as exploratory data analyses, data visualizations, and more app creations! Some ways I hope to do this are by assigning each project to its own folder, as I have done for the creation of my first app. Within each, I hope to create sub-folders to store specific components of distinct projects that I can locate easily to keep my repository organized and accessible!
