# About My App!
The purpose of this repository is to store all things related to the app I am creating to facilitate accessing it all on my end and for anyone who is exploring my GitHub profile and projects. This repository includes things ranging from the code underlying the app in "main.py", the data (penguins.csv) that was uploaded for the app's use, and this readme page explaining the app's purpose and how to run it. Essentially, the purpose of the app is to make it fun for the user to learn about penguins while also prioritizing their mental health by taking time to ground themselves and be self-aware of their feelings before jumping straight into exploring the data. As an individual passionate about self-care and mental health, I am excited about the potential this app has to showcase the importance of taking a step back and evaluating oneself before jumping to another task. Too often, we do not listen to our bodies and just choose to work, work, and work even more. The deeper purpose and motivation behind this app I created is to remind users that it is important to live in balance and self-awareness to make for oneself a healthy environment that equips us to put our best foot forward and essentially be a force for good in the world we live in! 
# How to Run the App!
As for how to run the app, one must begin by opening the code in Visual Studio Code. From there, it is important to ensure one is in the correct Python environment (anaconda) to avoid errors when running the code. It is also important to assure oneself that they are calling forth the correct file from the appropriate folder. This can be done by using the command "cd .\basic-streamlit-app\" to locate the basic-streamlit-app folder. One can ensure they are in this folder by using the command "cd .\basic-streamlit-app\ ls" and this should result in the display of the appropriate folders that are within the basic-streamlit-app folder itself. From this point, one should use the command "streamlit run .\main.py" to run the code specific to the app itself. The result of this should be a display that says "You can now view your Streamlit app in your browser" and there should also be a Local URL link and a Network URL link provided. At this time, a new browser should open with the app, and the user should be able to enjoy the wonders of penguin data while practicing self-awareness!